wiki/dev/docs/items/ancient_wooden_sword.md, before:

<div class="result foka-infobox-grid" markdown>
<div markdown class="foka-infobox-text">
**Ancient Wooden Sword** is a post-Dragon sword that partially brings back 1.8 PvP mechanics, allowing players to spam click to attack.
</div>
<div class="foka-infobox-table">
  <table id="foka-infobox--item">
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="foka-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../assets/items/ancient_wooden_sword.png"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">Info</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Damage</b></td>
		<td>4</i></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Attack Speed</b></td>
		<td>∞ (Infinite)</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Tooltip</b></td>
		<td><i>'what do you mean I can't spam click???'</i></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Durability</b></td>
		<td>Unbreakable</td>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>
</div>

## Obtaining
Ancient Wooden Sword can be obtained by exhuming <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-wooden-sword"></i>Wooden Sword at an [Altar of The Accursed](../mechanics/altar_of_the_accursed.md). Result item will keep all enchantments of exhumed weapon.

## Usage
This weapon has infinite Attack Speed attribute, meaning that it can be spam clicked in order to attack. Additionally, every swing will result in a sweep attack.

Due to its high speed, it has a base damage of only 4:heart::heart:, meaning that **Sharpness Enchantment** is a necessity in order to get respectable DPS.
## Tips

- This weapon is excellent for crowd control due to every attack having a sweep.
    - It is also fantastic for people who are a bit worse in PvP and PvE due to attack speed being enough to forgive poor hit accuracy.
- Ancient Wooden Sword is unreakable, meaning that enchants such as Unbreaking and Mending are completely redundant.
- Even tho it has really high attack speed, there are some way better options at this point in game DPS-wise, like the [Dragonblade](dragonblade.md), or even [Spirit Daggers](spirit_dagger.md).
    - An enchanted <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-diamond-sword"></i>Diamond Sword is propably enough to perform better than this weapon. 
  
## Trivia

- The texture used for this weapon is its original pre-1.14 Programmer Art texture.
- The tooltip is FokaStudio laughing at everyone who prefers 1.8 combat, <u>but can't justify why 1.9 one is bad</u>.
    - It is also a play on his opinion that 1.8 combat revolved around `outright destroying one's left mouse button`.

## History

- **1.6a**
	- Introduced

Commit message:

🐛 Some fixes + dev wiki changes

wiki/dev/docs/items/ancient_wooden_sword.md, after:

<div class="result foka-infobox-grid" markdown>
<div markdown class="foka-infobox-text">
**Ancient Wooden Sword** is a post-Dragon sword that partially brings back 1.8 PvP mechanics, allowing players to spam click to attack.
</div>
<div class="foka-infobox-table">
  <table id="foka-infobox--item">
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="foka-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../assets/items/ancient_wooden_sword.png"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">Info</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Damage</b></td>
		<td>4</i></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Attack Speed</b></td>
		<td>∞ (Infinite)</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Tooltip</b></td>
		<td><i>'what do you mean I can't spam click???'</i></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Durability</b></td>
		<td>Unbreakable</td>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>
</div>

## Obtaining
Ancient Wooden Sword can be obtained by exhuming <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-wooden-sword"></i>Wooden Sword at an [Altar of The Accursed](../mechanics/altar_of_the_accursed.md). Result item will keep all enchantments of exhumed weapon.

## Usage
This weapon has infinite Attack Speed attribute, meaning that it can be spam clicked in order to attack. Additionally, every swing will result in a sweep attack.

Due to its high speed, it has a base damage of only 4:heart::heart:, meaning that **Sharpness Enchantment** is a necessity in order to get respectable DPS.

## Tips
- This weapon is excellent for crowd control due to every attack having a sweep.
    - It is also fantastic for people who are a bit worse in PvP and PvE due to attack speed being enough to forgive poor hit accuracy.
- Ancient Wooden Sword is unreakable, meaning that enchants such as Unbreaking and Mending are completely redundant.
- Even tho it has really high attack speed, there are some way better options at this point in game DPS-wise, like the [Dragonblade](dragonblade.md), or even [Spirit Daggers](spirit_dagger.md).
    - An enchanted <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-diamond-sword"></i>Diamond Sword is propably enough to perform better than this weapon. 
  
## Trivia
- The texture used for this weapon is its original pre-1.14 Programmer Art texture.
- The tooltip is FokaStudio laughing at everyone who prefers 1.8 combat, <u>but can't justify why 1.9 one is bad</u>.
    - It is also a play on his opinion that 1.8 combat revolved around `outright destroying one's left mouse button`.

## Advancements
| Icon | Title | Description | Parent | Actual requirements (if different) | Resource Location |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| <div class="adv-div"><i class="adv adv-task"></i><i class="icon-adv icon-fsee icon-fsee-aota"></i></div> | Cursed Crafting | Use the <span style="color: #8000B8;">Altar of The Accursed</span> to craft some powerful gear | An Introduction to Dark Magic | :x: | `fokastudio:end/aota/cursed_crafting` |
## History
- **1.6a**
	- Introduced
