mkdocs/docs/items/prismatic_punch.md, before:

> :tada:{ .mirror } ***DEDICATED CONTENT*** :tada:
>
> This feature is dedicated to kohara (*Developer*)

<div class="result kohara-infobox-grid" markdown>
<div markdown class="kohara-infobox-text">
**Prismatic Punch** is a post-Empress crossbow that converts arrows into slow, powerful Prismatic Blasts that home in on enemies, exploding when they come into contact with them. It also inflicts a new damage over time effect known as Prismatic Inferno.

<i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-enchanted-book"></i> Prismatic Punch can be enchanted with any Crossbow enchantment. Both Multishot and Piercing empower its Blasts in different ways.

<i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-anvil"></i> Prismatic Punch can be repaired by fusing it with a different <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-crossbow"></i>Crossbow.

<br><br>

[TOC]

</div>
<div class="kohara-infobox-table">
  <table id="kohara-infobox--item">
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="kohara-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../assets/items/prismatic_punch.png"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="kohara-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../assets/items/prismatic_punch_pulling.gif"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">Info</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Damage</b></td>
		<td>4 - 10</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Attack Speed</b></td>
		<td>Moderate</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Tooltip</b></td>
		<td>Converts Arrows to Prismatic Blasts
		<br>
		that produce colorful explosions on hit
		<br><br>
		<span style="color: #BA02D7;">- Developer Item -</span></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Durability</b></td>
		<td>365</td>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>
</div>

## Obtaining
Prismatic Punch is dropped by the Empress of Light.

## Usage
Prismatic Punch transforms any shot Arrow into a powerful Prismatic Blast. They are slow and deccelerate over a timespan of 20 seconds until detonating. They can also bounce off walls.

Prismatic Blasts gain a huge speed bonus when an enemy is nearby, which they will target and home onto, detonating on contact.
 
Explosions deal varying damage, between 4:heart::heart: and 10:heart::heart::heart::heart::heart: damage, while also dealing a bit of splash damage to entities around.

Multishot enchantment causes 3 different-colored blasts to be shot in a 50° cone. Piercing causes blasts to sometimes create secondary explosions on other nearby entities, with the max amount of extra explosions being directly defined by the enchantment level. Additional explosions from both Multishot and Piercing enchantments deal reduced damage.

### Prismatic Inferno
All explosions inflict new damage over time effect known as Prismatic Inferno, which acts as an upgraded version of Flame Enchantment, dealing twice the damage while lasting for the same duration.

Prismatic Inferno lasts for 5 seconds, dealing 2:heart: damage every second for a total of 10:heart::heart::heart::heart::heart: damage.

## Tips 
- Use regular Arrows with this weapon, since it converts ALL ammo into Blasts. Using Spectral/Tipped Arrows is a waste of ammo.
- Explosions can hurt <u>you</u> if you stand too close to your target. Keep your distance.
- Accuracy is not the most important thing, since Blasts will home on its targets. Be careful though, as Blasts tend to target different mobs than the ones you want!
- Prismatic Blasts do not home onto players in PvP, but they can still hurt them if a player happened to step into them.
    - This also means they can hurt you if you are not careful enough!
- Explosions from Prismatic Punch ignore invulnerability frames.
- Prismatic Blasts will home on, but not damage the [Ender Dragon](../mobs/bosses/ender_dragon.md) or End Crystals.

## Trivia
- This is first Developer Item to get added into Stellarity.
- This is the second Crossbow to get added, first being the [Clockwork Crossbow](clockwork_crossbow.md).
- According to one of Ender Expansion's texture artists - YaGirlGiulles - the color palette is based on trans pride flag[^1].
    - They are also a reference to colors of [Last Prism](https://terraria.wiki.gg/wiki/Last_Prism), a Terraria item.
- During some time in its development, Prismatic Punch was craftable at the [Altar of The Accursed](../mechanics/altar_of_the_accursed.md) by using a <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-crossbow"></i>Crossbow, 24 <i class="icon-stellarity icon-stellarity-pixie-dust"></i>[Pixie Dust](other/pixie_dust.md) and 6 <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-diamond"></i>Diamonds

## History
- **2.0a**
    - Introduced

[^1]: [YaGirlGiulles original message](https://canary.discord.com/channels/727033287343734885/727033287666696209/1035208257188397086)

Commit message:

✨ Wiki stuff for much later

mkdocs/docs/items/prismatic_punch.md, after:

> :tada:{ .mirror } ***DEDICATED CONTENT*** :tada:
>
> This feature is dedicated to kohara (*Developer*)

<div class="result kohara-infobox-grid" markdown>
<div markdown class="kohara-infobox-text">
**Prismatic Punch** is a post-Empress crossbow that converts arrows into slow, powerful Prismatic Blasts that home in on enemies, exploding when they come into contact with them. It also inflicts a new damage over time effect known as Prismatic Inferno.

<i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-enchanted-book"></i> Prismatic Punch can be enchanted with any Crossbow enchantment. Both Multishot and Piercing empower its Blasts in different ways.

<i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-anvil"></i> Prismatic Punch can be repaired by fusing it with a different <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-crossbow"></i>Crossbow.

<br><br>

[TOC]

</div>
<div class="kohara-infobox-table">
  <table id="kohara-infobox--item">
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="kohara-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../assets/items/prismatic_punch.png"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="kohara-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../assets/items/prismatic_punch_pulling.gif"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">Info</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Damage</b></td>
		<td>4 - 10</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Attack Speed</b></td>
		<td>Moderate</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Tooltip</b></td>
		<td>Converts Arrows to Prismatic Blasts
		<br>
		that produce colorful explosions on hit
		<br><br>
		<span style="color: #BA02D7;">- Developer Item -</span></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Durability</b></td>
		<td>365</td>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>
</div>

## Obtaining
Prismatic Punch is dropped by the [Empress of Light]() if killed during the night.

## Usage
Prismatic Punch transforms any shot Arrow into a powerful Prismatic Blast. They are slow and deccelerate over a timespan of 20 seconds until detonating. They can also bounce off walls.

Prismatic Blasts gain a huge speed bonus when an enemy is nearby, which they will target and home onto, detonating on contact.
 
Explosions deal varying damage, between 4:heart::heart: and 10:heart::heart::heart::heart::heart: damage, while also dealing a bit of splash damage to entities around.

Multishot enchantment causes 3 different-colored blasts to be shot in a 50° cone. Piercing causes blasts to sometimes create secondary explosions on other nearby entities, with the max amount of extra explosions being directly defined by the enchantment level. Additional explosions from both Multishot and Piercing enchantments deal reduced damage.

### Prismatic Inferno
All explosions inflict new damage over time effect known as Prismatic Inferno, which acts as an upgraded version of Flame Enchantment, dealing twice the damage while lasting for the same duration.

Prismatic Inferno lasts for 3 seconds, dealing 1:heart: х ₀.₇₅ damage every second.

## Tips 
- Use regular Arrows with this weapon, since it converts ALL ammo into Blasts. Using Spectral/Tipped Arrows is a waste of ammo.
- Explosions can hurt <u>you</u> if you stand too close to your target. Keep your distance.
- Accuracy is not the most important thing, since Blasts will home on its targets. Be careful though, as Blasts tend to target different mobs than the ones you want!
- Prismatic Blasts do not home onto players in PvP, but they can still hurt them if a player happened to step into them.
    - This also means they can hurt you if you are not careful enough!
- Explosions from Prismatic Punch ignore invulnerability frames.
    - This means that:
        - Multishot can deal much more damage if all blasts target the same mob.
        - Different chain explosions from Piercing can damage the same mob, increasing or outright multiplying the damage if they were to be close to each other.

## Trivia
- This is first Developer Item to have been added into Stellarity.
- This is the second Crossbow to get added, first being the [Clockwork Crossbow](clockwork_crossbow.md).
- According to one of Ender Expansion's texture artists - YaGirlGiulles - the color palette is based on trans pride flag[^1].
    - They are also a reference to colors of [Last Prism](https://terraria.wiki.gg/wiki/Last_Prism), a Terraria item.
- During some time in its development, Prismatic Punch was craftable at the [Altar of The Accursed](../mechanics/altar_of_the_accursed.md) by using a <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-crossbow"></i>Crossbow, 24 <i class="icon-stellarity icon-stellarity-pixie-dust"></i>[Pixie Dust](other/pixie_dust.md) and 6 <i class="icon-minecraft icon-minecraft-diamond"></i>Diamonds

## History
- **2.0a**
    - Introduced

[^1]: [YaGirlGiulles original message](https://discord.com/channels/727033287343734885/727033287666696209/1035208257188397086)
