docs/items/other/shulker_tools.md, before:

# Shulker Tools

<div class="result kohara-infobox-grid" markdown>
<div markdown class="kohara-infobox-text">
**Shulker tools** are a post dragon upgrade to netherite tools that give haste 1 to every tool, along with + 0.5 damage.

<br><br>

[TOC]

</div>
<div class="kohara-infobox-table">
  <table id="kohara-infobox--item">
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="kohara-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../../assets/items/shulker_sword.png"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">Info</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Damage</b></td>
		<td>
		Netherite tool + 0.5
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Attack Speed</b></td>
		<td>Same as netherite</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Tooltip</b></td>
		<td>
        (blank)
        <b> 
        - Donor Item -
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Durability</b></td>
		<td>2703</td>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>
</div>

## Obtaining
Upgrade a netherite tool with 4 shulker shells and 1 [Enderite Smithing Template](../materials/enderite_smithing_template.md) at the [Altar of the Accursed](../../mechanics/altar_of_the_accursed.md)

## Usage
That of the netherite tool, but better

## Tips
- Fast tool good tool

## Trivia
- This item only exists as a donor request, Kohy finds items like these very unoriginal.

## History
=== "**2.2.0**"
    - Recipe now uses the enderite smithing template
    - Resprited

=== "**Indev-1.6a**"
    - :rocket: Introduced

Commit message:

filled some pages out more

docs/items/other/shulker_tools.md, after:

# Shulker Tools

<div class="result kohara-infobox-grid" markdown>
<div markdown class="kohara-infobox-text">
**Shulker tools** are a post dragon upgrade to netherite tools that give haste 1 to every tool, along with + 0.5 damage.

<br><br>

[TOC]

</div>
<div class="kohara-infobox-table">
  <table id="kohara-infobox--item">
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2" class="kohara-infobox--top-image"><img src="../../../assets/items/shulker_sword.png"></th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th colspan="2">Info</th>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Damage</b></td>
		<td>
		Netherite tool + 0.5
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Attack Speed</b></td>
		<td>Same as netherite</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Tooltip</b></td>
		<td>
        (blank)
        <b> 
        - Donor Item -
		</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><b>Durability</b></td>
		<td>2703</td>
	</tr>
</table>
</div>
</div>

## Obtaining
Upgrade a netherite tool with 4 shulker shells and 1 [Enderite Smithing Template](../materials/enderite_smithing_template.md) at the [Altar of the Accursed](../../mechanics/altar_of_the_accursed.md)

## Usage
Holding any of these items will give you haste 1, allowing them to mine their specific blocks, or attack 10% faster. This makes them useful for harvesting materials quickly and easily.

## Tips
- The Shulker Sword is generally not a weapon you need to go out of your way for, it's a great sword on its own, but Stellarity provides you with many more unique options.
	- The tools, on the other hand, are certainly worth it, as they are upgrades that have no alternatives, besides the [Hematic Pickaxe](hematic_pickaxe.md).

## Trivia
- This item only exists as a donor request, Kohy finds items like these very unoriginal.

## History
=== "**2.2.0**"
    - :rocket: Recipe now uses the Enderite Smithing Template.
    - :rocket: Resprited.

=== "**Indev-1.6a**"
    - :rocket: Introduced
